Still my little battery, hurry up.
There is my unique navigation and positioning system
Drive without traffic jams
If you look inside and live here, aren't you still stuck on the road?
Hurry up.
I've already set up the navigation.
Good.
Hey, what are you doing?
Know this place?
Ah dare to rush in
You know, the Hamada Group's signed order will not?
We came here for dinner.
Do you guys have an invitation?
It's OK. I don't need an invitation.
You can come in.
There's no invitation, what are you guys doing here?
A person riding a battery-powered vehicle wears himself like a child
You're not even qualified to come in and carry a plate.
Go away!
How does Ray work?
Haven't trained you guys yet?
I am the host of this party.
Who gave you the courage?
Dare to impersonate payment in advance
Start the meeting directly in Rett's name
Go away quickly, you've offended a big person in here.
You don't even know how to die.
This.
Look at that girl's dress.
I saw it on the news.
That is famous designer Diana.
The lonely product is specifically designed for our down payment
There is only this in the world.
And...
I heard that Rett said he had just contacted Australia a few days ago.
Air freight has arrived.
Then isn't that our great lady?
I'm back, ma'am.
Again, because we are clowns.